README.md, before:

# 33C3 Hot Wire 
Code and design files for the wireless sensor designed for a 25m long "hot wire" game.
Demo Video (sorry for German): https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ximVu1-kXSI

## Usage
The sensor is turned on by pressing the button on the back. There is a startup melody that indicates successful startup. 

If you hold the butten for > 5s, the leds flash blue. If the button is released now, the sensor shuts down and enters ultra low current mode. If you keep pressing, the sensor enters a self-test mode testing all it's components. At the beginning of the self-test, it displays the battery voltage (1,1V -> 1,5V = Red -> Green).

## Hardware
The sensor uses a MSP430 cpu, a RFM12B radio module, a Microchip StepUp and a BMA280 Accelerometer. Additionaly there are some RGB led's, a Piezo buzzer and a mechanical button on the back.

Power consumption
- Deep Sleep: ~70µA (67µA for the RFM12B...)
- Active Mode: ~500µA (127µA for the BMA280, 67µA for the RFM12B)
- Max. current (leds + buzzer + radio): 300mA
 
The project was design using Altium Designer 16.1. Sorry if you can't open the design files, there is also a pdf export. I'll try to export the design as an eagle project, not sure if this works. 

## Software
The firmware is written using the MSP430 Energia toolchain. It uses a ported arduino library for the RFM12B by Felix Rusu. The header files for the BMA280 are written by Helge Wurst. 

The MSP430G2553 used in this project has a quiet small flash & RAM.
The code uses 14.964 Bytes (91%) of the flash memory and 414 Bytes (80%) of the RAM. Probably it could be way less...

## ToDo

- "menu" for choosing different game modes (now all are active)
- fix ACK transmission
- implemement more game modes using the accelerometer

Commit message:

ADD: Frequency measurent of the wire signal for sensor localisation

README.md, after:

# 33C3 Hot Wire
Code and design files for the wireless sensor designed for a 25m long "hot wire" game.
Demo Video (sorry for German): https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ximVu1-kXSI

## Usage
The sensor is turned on by pressing the button on the back. There is a startup melody that indicates successful startup.

If you hold the butten for > 5s, the leds flash blue. If the button is released now, the sensor shuts down and enters ultra low current mode. If you keep pressing, the sensor enters a self-test mode testing all it's components. At the beginning of the self-test, it displays the battery voltage (1,1V -> 1,5V = Red -> Green).

## Hardware
The sensor uses a MSP430 cpu, a RFM12B radio module, a Microchip StepUp and a BMA280 Accelerometer. Additionaly there are some RGB led's, a Piezo buzzer and a mechanical button on the back.

Power consumption
- Deep Sleep: ~70µA (67µA for the RFM12B...)
- Active Mode: ~500µA (127µA for the BMA280, 67µA for the RFM12B)
- Max. current (leds + buzzer + radio): 300mA

The project was design using Altium Designer 16.1. Sorry if you can't open the design files, there is also a pdf export. I'll try to export the design as an eagle project, not sure if this works.

## Software
The firmware is written using the MSP430 Energia toolchain. It uses a ported arduino library for the RFM12B by Felix Rusu. It also uses the CounterLib by Adrian Studer for measuring the wire frequency. The header files for the BMA280 are written by Helge Wurst.

The MSP430G2553 used in this project has a quiet small flash & RAM.
The code uses 14.964 Bytes (91%) of the flash memory and 414 Bytes (80%) of the RAM. Probably it could be way less...

## ToDo

- "menu" for choosing different game modes (now all are active)
- fix ACK transmission
- implemement more game modes using the accelerometer
- actually using the comparator
